Add documentation for adding accounts to groups (#514)
hiero-ledger/governance: roles/add-accounts.md

# Adding GitHub accounts to groups in Hiero

In the [hiero-ledger organization](https://github.com/hiero-ledger), maintainers have write access to the [governance repository](https://github.com/hiero-ledger/governance) where user permissions are maintained.
[Maintainers](roles-and-groups.md#maintainers) should submit a PR to the hiero-ledger/governance repo in the `config.yaml` file to update users to the requested permissions.

## Clowarden configuration

The `config.yaml` file is used to configure all GitHub repositories of the organisation.
https://clowarden.io is used as tool to manage the GitHub resources and the change list for all Hiero repos can be found [here](https://clowarden.io/audit/?organization=LFDT-Hiero).

### Add a user to Clowarden configuration

The file `config.yaml` contains groups and their members.
The file follows the defined syntax of clowarden that looks like this:

```yaml
teams:
  - name: PROJECT-maintainers
    maintainers:
      - user1
    members:
      - user2
      - user3

>   - name: PROJECT-committers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - name: RepoName-committers
```

    maintainers:
      - user4
    members:
      - user5
      - user6
```

As you can see there are multiple groups.
In each group there are two sections that can be a little misleading: `maintainers` and `members`.

> The `maintainers` section defines **not the project maintainers**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `maintainers` section for a team defines the maintainer(s) for that team, **not** the maintainer on the repository.
```

For clowarden the `maintainers` section is needed and must contain at least one person that is already a member of the hiero-ledger GitHub organization.
That is must to create a valid group.
It is best practice to have only one person in the `maintainers` section.
The `members` section contains all the members of the group.

> When a person is nominated to become a Committer or a Maintainer, the PR should add the person to the `members` section of the respective group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an individual is nominated to become a Committer or a Maintainer, the PR should add the individual's GitHub username to the `members` section of the respective group. Note the username is case sensitive.
```
